i don't know if you guys have have
noticed but
um i make less i make fewer boomer
mistakes now
i'm proud of you yeah wait hold on i
can't
oh i i can't see myself i was just about
to
make another mistake um so welcome
everyone
thank you thank you so i think maybe
what we can do
is um so i understand we're going to be
talking about setting boundaries
and potentially the friend zone is that
right
yeah yes okay and i noticed that there
was a pretty lively discussion ahead of
time but i
i wasn't i haven't read it yet
um just a couple of things so what we'll
do is we'll start with introductions
and uh we'll also kind of do like a
sound check at the same time and and
maybe we'll have to adjust a couple of
things
um and then yeah we'll kind of see where
things take us
just a quick disclaimer i tend to say
you guys which i don't
mean to offend anyone um so i sort of
use it in the gender-neutral way which
maybe is part of the problem but
uh so forgiveness i'll do my best to
avoid using that
oftentimes i'll just say y'all which i
think is way better
um but you know i don't mean to offend
anyone
so let's go ahead and let's get started
with introductions so why don't we start
with
um intuitive cutie
hi my name is alyssa i'm 23 years old
and i'm from
california and i'm really excited to be
here
because i've never talked about setting
boundaries with a group of ladies before
so awesome and i'm sorry what was your
name
alyssa alyssa okay yes welcome melissa
thanks for coming on
thank you for having me um
linda you want to go next well hi
uh yeah i'm linda that's pretty much it
okay welcome linda
um math of the valley
yeah hi my name is math uh i'm a student
and i'm 19 years old and i can
come here with more of a perspective of
uh someone who hasn't had many things
happen to her
but the few experiences i've had are bad
enough that i want to speak about it
and i also want to speak as a few like i
want to speak stories that my friends
went through as well
okay wow that's yeah i don't know if
that's like
fortunate or unfortunate that on one
hand
you know you haven't dealt with it a
whole lot but it sounds like when you
have had to deal with it it's been
pretty bad
sorry to hear that thanks for coming
thank you um and risaka
yeah my name is risa i am 24 years old
i'm currently working as a content
manager
in the team fight tactics esports scene
and yeah i'm really looking forward to
this conversation all the ladies here
has been
extremely supportive and wonderful and i
think that this is a great conversation
for everyone to
kind of have more insights about okay
great yeah so we're i think we're really
here to learn and we'd really
love to have your perspective i think
you know most of our community
is men although that's changing rapidly
so i think when we started streaming it
was like
95 to 90 percent men and and five to ten
percent women and i think it's like
closer to 70 30 now
um and so i you know hopefully we can
learn a lot thanks for coming on risa
thank you uh star sleeps
yeah you can just call me star um i'm 22
i'm an artist here on twitch but i'm
also a student studying engineering so
i've had some stories in both of those
categories that we can get into
oh unfortunately real life stories and
the internet stories yeah
okay that also i don't know i mean that
sounds actually unfortunate because it
sounds like there's nowhere to escape to
native style stay in bed i guess
um champaloo yes um you can call me
champ
okay um i am 23 years old i live in
switzerland that's in europe
um i'm working in the banking industry
and
i'm a business admin student um
i have also experiences in real life and
online and i think this is a really
relevant
um like thing to know like about setting
boundaries
um yeah and i'm just i just want to
spread that aoe healing
for all of you guys thank you so much i
hope we can learn from that
yeah so let me ask y'all um you know
just to start off so first of all thank
you all for coming
uh i was i'm trying to debate a little
bit
about how do we want to approach this
discussion so
you know champ said this is an important
thing to talk about
and i'm wondering whether we should
start by defining
what is this or if we just want to jump
right into like an actual experience
what do you guys think would be like
better to do first definition
doesn't it yeah okay um
i didn't even know what boundaries were
what does that mean so remember that
like you know there's a group of people
who are watching and maybe
you know hundreds of thousands more will
watch on youtube one day
and i i don't know um i know there's a
sort of a presumption that we're going
to be talking about
female male boundaries but
you know this could apply beyond that
there are certainly women who
don't respect boundaries in terms of um
their relationships with men
um and also i think we're going to sort
of take a default heteronormative
approach which we don't necessarily have
to but in my experience
you know boundaries it doesn't matter
whether you're heterosexual homosexual
or something in between
boundaries or boundaries doesn't matter
what gender you are um
and so yeah it sounded like star you
wanted to say something
oh no i would i said i waved because you
said potentially hundreds of thousands
um so yeah so what is this how do we
define what are we talking about today
um yeah go ahead
today we're talking about boundaries so
boundaries can affect in a lot of
different parts of the life
so with your partners you have to talk
about like what you're okay with each
other peop
like are doing but outside partners who
is even more than that right like you
have friends
you have people that you just meet
online so like what are some stuff that
you're comfortable talking
with them about how you interact with
them every person is different and this
is the type of communication that's so
important you have that most people
don't
people just assume certain things that
is okay from another person
do those things and then make others
uncomfortable so that's why this is such
an important conversation to have
especially with covert going on
there's so much online interactions
right now so just kind of learning
how to define this boundary that you
have between people through online
would be really helpful okay yeah
and strangers in the street as well
like a lot of people in the street think
um
just because you don't know the person
it's okay to step out of the boundary
it's not like it's i think it's in every
case online friends and
strangers yeah okay so how is someone
supposed to learn
what the right boundary is um
i think setting boundaries has always
been about
well what i've learned is that it's
about communicating your limits
and how you want to be treated so in
order for somebody to know
how you should be treated you have to
communicate that to them in a way
where they'll understand
yeah okay um but unfortunately
i have had more cases of strangers
of people that i don't really talk to
and
it's really hard to communicate with
someone you just met like two seconds
ago so
i think it's also just uh common sense
in what you should or should
do but when you have that close
relationship with someone
yes like they should be more established
after that
okay and also what i think gets confused
a lot is like when you finally
express your boundaries there are still
some people who think
that they are entitled to deflate those
boundaries that they know better
what to tell you what is right and wrong
like oh no this is actually not that bad
or
oh this is you know this is don't make a
scene out of this
right but i think there's nothing wrong
about
setting your boundaries and
communicating your boundaries
okay what do you guys think motivates
someone
to try to deflate your boundary
ego what does that mean
um i think a lot of people don't like
um being told something don't like being
told that they were doing something
wrong
and out of ego they try to deflate you
and what makes you comfortable or
uncomfortable
okay linda i think i think maybe a lot
of people also just don't
think that things apply to them because
they like try to read you and then they
assume that they're special for some
reason
so that the boundaries just don't apply
to them anymore for some reason
interesting okay i think it could also
be a power dynamic
um because i've experienced that at work
and in relationships too
because when people feel like they have
a certain authority over you
it's almost like they're setting the
boundaries not necessarily
listening to yours so it makes it hard
to
communicate what you're not okay with um
just out of fear that they might
retaliate or
um won't listen to you okay um is it
okay if i kind of challenge some of what
y'all are saying i know it sounds
bizarre yeah
for sure yeah so so like we don't have
to get into this now but i just want to
think a little bit about like
a counterpoint so as a psychiatrist i'm
a big fan of setting firm boundaries you
know
here's my cell phone it's appropriate to
use it if you
want to schedule something or if you're
in a true crisis
but it's not uh just text me at random
hours of the day
at the same time so when we think about
um so i think setting boundaries is
really important it's a lot of what i
try to educate people on
at the same time when it comes
especially to romantic relationships
i think a lot of romantic relationships
thrive with a lack of boundaries
right so i'm trying to figure out like
if you think about flirtation
so flirtation is almost like kind of by
definition
not saying thanks yeah
right yeah okay so some that's why i'm
so it's just a different perspective you
all are welcome to disagree
or sort of educate us on like how that
isn't the case
but i i just know i'm i'm actually
thinking about you know when my wife and
i got together like
we were apparently dating and i wasn't
even aware of it
i thought i was just showing her around
town she thought we were going on dates
and there was a lot of you know
confusion there yeah and
and i think frankly i probably would
have done a far worse job if i thought i
was on a date
i thought we were just hanging out and
and so sometimes when i do look at
relationships sometimes things are a
little bit ambiguous right so like
at what point do you set a boundary with
someone about like what your
relationship
is like do you meet someone and say
hello i'm so-and-so
i'm single and i'm not looking for a
relationship nice to meet you
you know when you meet people online
kind of yes to be honest
so it's actually a genuine question
right so like i i get what you guys are
saying about the value of setting what
your limits are
completely agree with that the thing
that i'm a little bit confused
about um and i imagine our community is
confused about is like
when and how do you actually do that
in my experience and i don't think this
is like the best way to do it but in my
experience most of those conversations
have happened
like after someone's crossed a boundary
and you have to like
go back and be like hey sorry that i
gave you the wrong idea
um i'm not in love with you you know
yeah or whatever it might be
and that's a huge problem right is
because like there's a lack of
setting boundaries and then you get into
a situation
where there's confusion on both sides
and so what i'm
kind of like really curious about is
like part of what we try to do on stream
is to make things applicable
and what i'm envisioning is like if i'm
a 17 year old kid watching stream
what can i learn from y'all about how i
interact with like women i feel that
whenever you are unsure
ask and obviously not from the start we
don't go out and just be like i'm single
and i'm talking to you because i'm
interested like that's just not going to
happen right
yeah so yeah like obviously a lot of
interaction starts off as friendship and
maybe
that person is flirting you don't know
you're confused so after hanging out
ask them be like hey like i just want to
make sure i'm not
taking the wrong hints like is this that
whenever you're unsure about anything at
all regarding you and another person
it's so scary for that confrontation but
you just have to go and ask
okay so scary for the confrontation i
think that's a really important point
yeah
and also um at least in my experience i
think
um that part of if you're
if you don't want if you're scared to
communicate in your you might step
a boundary i think it should only happen
when you know for sure you're already
very comfortable with that person uh i
think like
if you already have a little bit of not
trust like friendship with that person
you already know them well the person
you
you didn't come in like trying to
immediately step
um step on the boundaries
then like if you have that trust then
at least in my case if i already trust
someone if they step a boundary
and uh i think i like if i have like a
responsive um
with the same way they they're coming
towards me i will also
i'll be comfortable with it because i
already trust them but i think
a lot of people step the boundary too
soon sometimes
okay and there needs to be a trust okay
so i'm seeing a bunch of questions kind
of rise to the surface
how do you develop trust right um
and not that we have to answer these
right away but and then i i also kind of
heard from um
star that you know it sounds like
sometimes the boundary conversation
happens
and oddly enough i can kind of see how
mafin
and stark kind of may be talking about
something like that's similar which is
that
you start a relationship you're not sure
exactly where the boundary is
you start to develop really like
friendship and trust and then maybe they
think it's one thing you think it's
another thing
you kind of cross that boundary and then
you have a conversation about it
although that doesn't really sound ideal
but i'm sort of seeing value to
you know not having the conversation the
first time you meet someone
and also like that seems too early
and then in in stars case it seems like
some of those conversations happen way
too late
and so you know how do we find that
medium
and i think that's something practically
that if the at the end of
of today if we could sort of have some
guidance around that i think that would
be a really cool
like takeaway what do you all think for
sure
okay so does anybody want to like let's
let's dive in does anybody want to share
like a situation that they've been in i
kind of want to hear from star
but which one which is not
i don't know i'm just trolling you so
seriously
anyone wanna i mean i do want to hear
from you but i didn't mean to put you on
the spot
no you're good um you see guys what i
did there as i tested a boundary i was
like asking oh a storm is it
okay but does anybody feel like they
want to share a situation
later i think if she goes first it's
it's okay i have
um so mine gets into power dynamics i
had a
situation i guess i could say with a
professor
oh [ __ ] yeah
yeah and so like i'm laughing because
i'm uncomfortable
same i'm good i don't know look we're
here to talk about real experiences so
as long as it's not going to
the one thing that i strongly strongly
recommend that people do on stream is
recognize that this is public and if
this is going to actually impact you in
a negative way in terms of your
education star
i would actually actually say you know
no
you're okay i've already been through uh
some stuff with my school regarding the
incident but basically
yeah um basically i
i'm an engineering student and you're
like first two years of engineering they
kind of make you take classes in every
field to
get you like up to speed on the
different industries
and so i had a professor that wasn't
really in my major
i'm mechanical and he was an electrical
engineering professor
um and he was like hey like
i think you should come and work in my
lab which is like a huge opportunity for
a student right and especially like
i definitely wasn't qualified right like
i'd taken one electrical engineering
class at this point and i had like a b
in it i think
um and so like he sort of had ulterior
motives there right um
and so i went out to his lab once
he it was just kind of uncomfortable he
like hugged me when i got there
and like like put his hand on my
waist while he was showing me around the
lab and stuff and i was like okay
not going back there right like but i
was then put in a situation where like i
have to go back to class and see him
right like i have to
continue to be you know like i can't
like if it was
if it was outside of school i could be
like [ __ ] off you know
but with a professor i don't really have
that opportunity
so it was just like he would he got my
number to like
i don't know why i [ __ ] gave him my
number in hindsight but i gave him my
number to like coordinate when i would
be at the lab
um and he would text me like hey like
what are you doing today you want to
come out to the lab and i'd have to like
like 12 times in a row i had to come up
with some excuse
because i didn't want to say no to a
professor that like
had my grade in his hand you know
i'm processing that's fair
i'm gonna need a second this is just
how old was the professor uh like 50.
okay what do you all think about that
but it's also not surprising which is i
think the more
like like it doesn't even really shake
you anymore
it's almost like you're used to
listening to stuff like that linda
what's not surprising about it
that that the situation happened like
it feels so normal to hear about these
things almost to a point where it
doesn't
yeah almost like oh you too
you know yeah yeah which is a sad thing
you know
to yeah to relate i mean to be fair
that kind of behavior oversets
boundaries and it's
just predatory like uh
what's predatory about it he is a fifth
year old
professor who is trying to have this
type of relationship or conversation
with a student who is much younger than
he is so
yeah yeah there's the power dynamic
there with the profession obviously
and then also the setting of where all
this is taking place as well
um i also have a story about
more of the theme of power dynamic that
happened to a friend of mine
um she was being followed by a man
and yeah she was being followed by a man
and she went to the police
i went with her the first time then we
had to go to another place
and she was taking care of the business
of the matter
and the policeman that gave her his
number
and so she could call him when she was
being followed and they could get there
he started asking if she had a boyfriend
and if they could meet out
outside of her house at night alone and
she had to get
one of her co-workers to pretend to be
her boyfriend for him to
stop messaging her and it just really
makes me angry because
it's you can't call the police on the
police so
it just makes me really angry that she
had to go through that situation where
her only safety net just exploded
basically and we only didn't report this
because um she was already so devastated
about the whole thing that she did not
have the emotional energy to
go report it
okay this is way heavier [ __ ] than what
i was mentally prepared for
no i mean i think it's like i'm just
sharing how i feel i don't think
we should stop it's just like wow
i was expecting something along the
lines of
you know someone messages me on on
discord
and then i have to block them after a
couple of days
you know we can talk about that too yes
we also have those stories
there's a lot more of those
i mean so you know it's interesting
because you know lin uh star said
i can't tell him to [ __ ] off
and i'm noticing the same thing in math
story the thing that i think
actually terrifies me the most and when
i think about what's my instinctive
reaction to hearing you guys
is it's actually like a powerlessness
because when someone dm's you on discord
you can tell them to [ __ ] off
yeah but it's like these situations
where sort of like
it almost feels like you can't enforce a
boundary
right and yeah and so i'm kind of
curious how do you guys deal with
a situation where you can't tell someone
to [ __ ] off and then that also begs the
question of why can't you
um um can you repeat the questions
i was just saying why can't you tell
them to [ __ ] off
for me it's like let's start with alyssa
it's what alyssa um it's always been a
fear of retaliation
something bad happening to me um you
know getting punished
or um you know i've watched lots of
those um
stories about girls who have you know
said
one wrong thing and then they got killed
or you know something really
um terrible happening so it's just a
fear of
any of that on top of um even having to
go to the police sometimes like i was
also
um followed by a man when i was about 19
to my job and um i didn't know what to
do
i didn't feel comfortable going to the
police so when he showed up to my
my job i was like i froze i'm
the type of person to freeze so um
yeah like you're saying in that moment i
felt very powerless
and i think that that um that pressure
to like do something but also not
knowing what to do
is what has kept me silent many times
because it's like i don't want to make a
wrong move and have that backfire on me
lisa you had something to say uh for me
just due to a lot of bad experience i've
learned now to just
simply say like like you suddenly [ __ ]
off or in a nicer way but like be very
firm
with people but the times that i yes how
do you say that in a nicer way
um so like if it's dms and they like
keep pushing be like hi sorry i'm just
not interested or like i'm
going through a lot right now and i do
not want to make this connection with
you
and then they keep pushing and overset
that boundary i was like i actually will
tell them be like hi you are going
way overboard right now i'm actually
going to block you now
so that's usually the most direct way if
it's someone that are really persistent
the times i did feel very powerless is
usually if it's in regards to
people related to my career um just
because
i can't say [ __ ] off to someone that may
be uh
detrimental to like a networking system
um
so those times it's very hard for me to
share with
anyone because it's like who do i trust
where this won't spread or like i don't
want this to cause
this like deal or anything so just just
a lot of
uncomfortable feelings usually during
those times i will talk to
like my someone like i'm really close
with in terms of my co-workers i'll
tell my boss about it or like someone in
hr
and but i have to say that not much is
usually done per se it's usually they
listen to me
we feel better about it and they try to
limit my interaction with that person
but there's been not a lot of
repercussion towards that individual
which
is honestly kind of my thing too because
i'm scared of it i'm just oh i don't
want repercussions to him because i
don't know
like it will like fire back at me so
those are the times where i'm definitely
really quiet and i'm scared even though
any other time i'm usually the first one
to talk yeah it's interesting i don't
know if you guys get the sense but i i
get
the sense that risa doesn't [ __ ] around
you guys
we've learned that about her in the last
three years so it's like
it's pretty easy to tell and at the same
time
there are also things that get her to
kind of like
step carefully and and remain quiet
which also is like
extra terrifying because rhys is staying
quiet
which means that there's got to be
something you know pretty significant
um so i i'm noticing some and i'm sorry
did somebody else want to speak
linda or champ
okay no it's fine maybe later
um so i i'm noticing a certain tone of
language which is like repercussion
punishment retaliation
um so it sounds like you guys have some
amount of fear
about what could happen if you set a
boundary
right so like on the one hand there's
like repercussions which is like hey i
think this is inappropriate
and someone should be punished but
that's like at one end of the spectrum
so i i do think that like a formal
complaint against this
professor like sounds like a good idea
um
just because but on the other hand i
also wonder a little bit about like
um you know education and i'm just
thinking about
observing some some of my own
experiences so i
i once worked in a hospital where there
was uh
there was like a senior doctor who was
like from foreign country where
sexuality was like way more acceptable
and so he would like openly say sexual
things to
people including his junior people and
they seem to actually be okay with it
like i'm not sure i didn't really have a
conversation
but he would even like talk to his
junior people and he would be like when
are we going to have sex
and then everyone it's crazy and then
everyone would just kind of laugh and
like it sort of continued
and and i don't get the sense like
honestly just
reading people's facial expressions and
stuff i i thought that everyone was just
sort of like oh like that's just how he
is
and some people even he was also like a
good-looking european dude
um you know in shape and in his 40s and
with a good head of hair
and so sometimes i wonder a little bit
about that kind of thing but it's like a
strange thing where i'm not sure like
a repercussions appropriate is education
appropriate like what's the
right
you know so i think that's the thing is
they're pro
oh sorry you go first i've talked more
um i think that
in that case people just let it slide
because they i don't know maybe they're
used to seeing people like that it's
just oh it's it's just how he is
but you should really educate them that
no one said anything
but they could have been very
uncomfortable maybe there was
one person who had a closer experience
with him and no one said and
no one knows about it i think it's more
of an education thing
even if yes how do you do that
i don't know but what i could
observe like in a work environment is
that you know everyone
kind of don't want to like you know
stand out they just want to blend in
and don't make a scene and keep it you
know yeah
professional and quiet so they are just
observing
you know their environment and they are
just can adapt to that
you know they are they can't really like
give some like authentic view on things
because they think that yeah i have this
job now
my job is just to do that job and to
kind of like blend in and not
cause a scene so it's really hard in
work environment i think
see i i work as a strainer as well
sometimes um and i mean
it's like sort of like i will
flirt with people that come into my gym
i will [ __ ] with my co-workers and stuff
like that because it like gives a little
bit of an extra kick and motivation if
it makes sense so it's like
it doesn't actually seem that odd to me
personally so
i don't think you can't even blame that
person just because like
like you mentioned the reception seemed
positive everyone's just like laughing
along with him and there's also this
quote that
i like and dislike heavily that's just
how he is right
and honestly he doesn't know better if
no one has ever spoken up against him
i think the most important point here is
that if someone
goes up to him and it's like hey i am
uncomfortable with this
he should never respond with that's just
how i am
but if noah has ever spoken to him like
that before then
him acting this way honestly i'm not
upset just because it has
been positive for him yeah so i'm gonna
once again
challenge this or play devil's advocate
for a minute okay so like let's say that
i'm
a 19 year old guy in the gaming
community
and and or let's let's not even say 19.
let's say i'm 26.
and i'm a caster for a particular esport
and i'm a prominent caster
and i tend to be a little bit vivacious
a little bit inappropriate a little bit
humorous it's part of my on-screen
personality that makes me successful
and so what i'm kind of curious about is
like especially when you kind of think
about power dynamics if you all are
reluctant to speak
and i'm not blaming you for feeling that
way because there could be repercussions
and we've heard
some of those stories before and and
you know at the same time like no one
has really ever told me that i'm doing
something wrong
um you know how am i supposed to know
like
what's appropriate or inappropriate
i guess and if i can talk i guess in
that situation
i wouldn't blame that person unless
someone
came to them and said this was
inappropriate and they
like tried to brush that off does that
make sense like
i think in some situations it
depends more on the person's reaction
than
on their initial actions and i mean
in a way especially like public people
like
casas like that especially when they're
like popular
i mean those are one of the most like
discussed people i don't really know how
to say it but like there's like [ __ ]
tons of reddit posts and people's
opinions online so
i mean i guess i can get like really
hard to filter stuff out and to listen
to what's like
probably morally right but then that's
like different for everybody anyway
so um
yeah so i mean that makes a lot of sense
to me i'm just and it kind of goes back
to what risa was saying too
if they respond with that's just how i
am so what i'm hearing you guys say is
not so much that
i mean it sounds certainly like some
behavior is inappropriate right
very inappropriate and at the same time
there is like
there's a space between punishing
someone for behaving inappropriately
and educating them and really not so
much about like
that you're setting a boundary with them
but the way that they respond to
and respond to your boundary setting
that's actually like the really
important thing
the setting that you put to the caster
as someone who works with a lot of
casters and they're all
amazing like saying that first
it's so important for them to like
bounce off of like
the other casters and whoever they're
working with and that's how they get
their reactions they gauge reactions
observing is literally their job
and so i feel like it's very hard
for them to miss if someone's obviously
uncomfortable
interesting like in your in your example
where if someone's just
the personality is that they just make a
lot of these like remarks out
if i was a fellow caster and they did
something like that to me and i suddenly
just shut up and go
like that i feel there's certain stuff
that i will automatically instantly
react to even if i'm not like hey that's
like awful
that caster is ignorant
if they choose not to look into that
reaction i feel like they're just like
all right just moving on this is just
how i am so like i
mentioned that's the excuse again that's
just how i am i feel like if you're
uh okay uh i don't know i just feel like
working on observing
because i think the pivotal is still for
someone to speak up and tell him
like hey like this action actually makes
me uncomfortable because you can't just
assume they would know but
people should work on observing skills
in general to try to
like view boundaries absolutely it
sounds like it's really important
um so i'm kind of curious when it comes
to uh
you know responding or or so what i'm
hearing is that
at some point you guys generally or may
or may not try to communicate
depending on your sense of of fear about
repercussions
your sense of power and the relationship
um
you know so maybe you guys will say
something maybe you won't and then the
way that they respond to that
is really important so can you guys
share
just your experiences of when you have
tried to communicate so it sounds like
sometimes you don't feel comfortable
um and and when you have tried to
communicate what happens
i i saw a star raise your hand i well i
just wanted to share
with my professor um
so well this is just like his response
um
which wasn't to me so i ended up telling
another professor that i trusted and he
told me that there was like an office
that
handles this kind of stuff and so i went
to them and said like hey like this
professor made me a little uncomfortable
they did like these things you know um
and i later found out that i like wasn't
the only student that said something
about him that semester
um and so they like wrote up our
statements and like sent it to him and
then he made a statement and then
they like sent us the like follow-up or
whatever
and he literally said like this
generation is so sensitive
like that was his like official quote in
response that he was like what
what do they want by saying this and i
was like all right dude
like gr you know at that point what do i
do
what what what do you do
i mean i don't i just blocked his number
i never talked to him again
how'd you do in the class i actually got
an a
i stopped going to class but my grades
on my
like tests were enough to get an a i
didn't need him
yeah wow what other experiences of
trying to respond to people and how that
that's received
like i i often see like guys
playing that yield card whenever you
are addressing your boundaries like for
example
like there was a user who you know i was
just
in the mood to listen to someone and
there was a user who
explained me his things and i'm like
okay
you know so i listened to that person
and then
at one point he messaged me and said
like oh
like i think i have a crush on you
you know that stuff and i'm like
okay look first of all like
did this how how does this work right
like i'm just here listening and you
have a crush on me like you actually
don't know
really who i am and it's kind of like
weird to me that just from
speaking to someone you can have a crush
on right like i can tell you whatever i
want online basically right you don't
know me
you don't know where i live you don't
know when like you don't know anything
about me
um so i was saying to him like look this
is this is
this can't work like i was just like
fine listening to
to you and i feel bad for your situation
but this is just
um yeah like this is not my attempt you
know like i didn't try to
you know to engage any like relationship
with you
so what he said is oh
like you know uh
i am like really in a good spot and
why are you rejecting me and why are you
doing this
to me and i'm like like how how how
should i react
in that situation like should i feel
guilty for rejecting him for
telling him my boundaries like right i i
thought i was
like i don't have to tolerate everything
right i can right yeah i don't have to
do this
and that's like that guilt card on me is
like
yes and it's not the first time like
it's also in real life that happens like
what is that
feeling what is the feeling that you get
when someone
says like why do you think that you have
to put
all your weight on my shoulders like
why do you think that i have to be that
person manipulation
yes how does how do you guys imagine
champ
feels when they do that frustrated
by what math because she
is afraid that her actions will have
um a reaction but at the same time it's
not her
job to take care of him like he's a baby
so
it's just guilt it's manipulation
sounds like emotional blackmail yeah
i've had that happen to me too
i was 17 i had a group of friends on
discord
and this 24 year old dude started
speaking to me also a thing of like two
three weeks
speaking um i wasn't saying i was like
not interested but then in the end i
just i just like no i'm not interested
at all to speak to you
and he made me feel guilty for rejecting
him to the point
where i was crying my eyes out even
though i didn't like him
and he was fine i called him and he was
fine and i was crying my eyes out
he was making me feel guilty for
rejecting him and
after all of that happened i was banned
from the group of friends
so i felt at the time i didn't see it
but now i look back into it
and i realized i was just
some someone he could speak to for them
it didn't work out so just they didn't
need me anymore and
the worst part of it they made me feel
bad for it okay so because
i didn't want to be with him yeah so let
me ask you something how does someone
make
you feel guilty because
they're expressing their sadness and you
think
and it's obviou when you make someone
sad it could be from your actions but in
that case he was faking it he was
manipulating it
to make me feel sad for for me to stay
how do you know he was faking it i
called him
and i was crying my eyes out and what he
was saying in text
was he was fine and called he was
speaking normally
he wasn't sad at all it was his stone
sure i can i cannot be
100 sure but he was fine
okay so what i'm hearing is that
sometimes people yeah
linda go for it oh i was just going to
say that
for me a lot of the time is like when
someone
like confesses to me or something that
that especially online it's been that
we've already spent time together and
we've like sort of
built a bond as in like a lot of guys
actually
open up a lot and talk about their
problems with you
um and i'm not sure whether that comes
from like they don't trust
to guys to talk about it um
but they're a lot more open towards well
me or something like that
um and then at that point it's like
you know the [ __ ] that is going on in
their life you know how bad they feel
about certain things and like
in a way how like lost they are and you
like want to help them
um but then
then they come out and they they tell
you that they like you and then you
suddenly sit in that spot where you have
to hurt them
and you sit in a call with them and you
listen to them to their like voice
while they speak to you and it just like
destroys you because you're like
you're their friend and you're trying to
be there for them but you literally
can't and it just hurts them
and it sucks yeah
so i i think that's also uh there are a
couple of important points here about
what confiding in someone means and i
think sometimes
different people me think it means
different things
one thing that i kind of want to point
out for a second is that what i'm
hearing from math and
and from y'all is that you know they can
say words that
make you feel a certain way is that fair
yeah and so what i'm kind of curious
about in hearing linda's case is i
wonder if the opposite is also true
where you can say words that make them
feel a certain way
i mean absolutely so then what i'm kind
of curious about is like if you hold
them responsible
which is sort of what i'm hearing for
making you feel guilty
can they hold you responsible for making
them feel love
i don't really
like i i can't really blame them you and
and like
i also like sort of if if someone has
feelings for me i could
sort of encourage that they get it out
because it like helps
right it helps to talk about um so i
don't actually mind it too much it's
just like
i'm i'm just like not sure how to like
emotionally deal with it myself
because i'm inflicting this pain by
rejecting them
yep the thing with that too is that if
someone is protecting their sadness to
me i don't find them
like guilty of anything they're honestly
i don't even call them fake or anything
if they're sad they're sad right
but the issue is if i tell them that
like oh hey like so
i'm going to use a specific story so
someone messaged me and just gave me
their
life story about how i'm very similar to
ex i remind them of her she she broke
his heart and that he's
going through a lot mentally through
depression and a lot of very serious
issues right
i've never really talked to him much
prior to this so i don't know this man
well at all so this was just like his
life story suddenly at me so i told him
hey i'm really sorry
about everything that you went through
that sounds horrible i think you should
speak
about this to someone close to you like
a friend
and he retaliates saying like oh i'm
already going through like so much i
guess like people
these days on internet just don't want
to listen to others that you don't care
about
anyone and for me that made me very
angry right like i didn't show it but
it's just a responsibility that you
don't put on someone i don't blame him
for sharing all that story for me was it
weird sure
but i'm not here saying like you can't
do this you can't say this to me
but if i'm telling you like hey like
sorry
go next you go next you don't then be
like
no i told you this now you have to
respond to me
that makes sense so i'm hearing a common
theme of so it's interesting right so if
we go to
a champs case and and you know champ is
listening to someone
on i presume the the internet champ is
that right
yeah yeah and then when he says hey i
have a crush on you
do you guys think that that's a good
communication or a bad communication on
his part
i don't mind that yeah just be okay if i
say no
yeah yeah but do people disagree because
i mean you're allowed to not feel that
way right
so like i i think the problem is when
people don't stop after you tell them
um like i've had
so so generally whenever someone
confesses to me i
i sort of try to stay friends with them
because they're like good people and
i mean i am sort of close with them um
but i had for example one um
case in real life where this this friend
of me
um just like kept trying to make
make moves of me and kept like touching
me inappropriately and stuff like that
even though after
uh even after i told him multiple times
that i wasn't interested in him
at all and i didn't like
um i would say that i didn't do anything
back to him so it should have been
in a way obviously from obvious from his
side that
there was like nothing coming for me um
and that just like sort of
kept happening and happening to a point
where it was like
i couldn't bother to deal with it
anymore and i just i gave up the
friendship
even though i would have loved to like
wow
yeah it's like there's a difference
between someone saying like i feel this
way about you and someone saying like
you're responsible for this happiness or
like you owe me this happiness
and sometimes it's like like any
confession you're not sure which side
that it's on
yeah like i didn't mind even though i
find it kind of weird and i find it it
kind of didn't make sense that he
just said he has a crush on me after
just like hearing his story
um and and just me hearing him out
um i didn't have a problem with him like
saying to me directly that he has a
crush on me
but when then i told him like
look i i already told him like look i
appreciate
you saying that's this to me so i can
give him like that feedback
but this is not like uh this was
i'm sorry if this was my like if you
thought that this was my
attention right that i tried to engage
any like relationship
uh thing so the thing that bothered me
was like when he played that guild card
like
oh like you know exactly that i'm going
through things so that i'm really like
you know not good with you know taking
bad responses so better act the way that
i
want like this is how i felt um
i felt really like off and this is when
i was
saying to him look i don't deserve this
goodbye and this is where i blocked him
yeah and i'm actually glad that this was
like on the internet and not
real life because you know
i don't know if yeah with the real life
you can block and people
yeah block people in real life
yeah i
okay so a couple of thoughts so i i want
to kind of return to this idea so here's
the general theme which i'm hearing
so first of all there's ambiguity at the
beginning of the relationship
and then at some point it sounds like
for the most part you guys are
okay with people sharing their feelings
about you even if they're weird and they
come from
like you know we don't know where they
come from that you kind of talk to a
stranger on the internet
um in reese's case that just sounds so
[ __ ] you remind me of my ex-girlfriend
like that is the worst
just don't even anyway
um right because it's like it's not even
about and i think this is what i'm
hearing from you guys is it's not about
you
there's like something coming from them
that you sort of
fit into a mold does that make sense
yeah yeah and and so the tricky thing so
i
the interesting thing is that i actually
am hearing even though it can be
make you uncomfortable and can be hard
in terms of a conversation that it's
actually a good thing
for them to tell you like hey i have
these feelings about you
and then comes the key thing which is
that like they should respect your
response
but instead what seems to be happening
is when you guys respond
they respond in such a way that they
kind of make you feel guilty maybe they
do a little bit
just a touch of that sprinkling of that
emotional blackmail
or something like that they don't really
respect the boundary
it's interesting because it's like it's
not so much that they're ambiguity or
their feelings
it's that like the boundary is not
respected once it's set
um it's a problem with your generation
star
y'all are just so right i've been
inappropriately groping women since i
was 20 years old and they didn't have a
[ __ ] problem with it i don't know
what's wrong with y'all
jesus kids nowadays
[Music]
right so here's here's my next question
for you guys
and and i want to kind of like tunnel
down into this so like
you know i don't mean to be let me know
if this comes across the wrong way or if
you guys feel like i'm asking an
inappropriate question or making an
appropriate assumption so in a sense we
think it's like
okay that i mean we sort of acknowledge
that they can do certain things to make
you feel a certain way
the common nature of your experience
makes me
think that you guys are consistently
doing something to make them fall in
love with you
or have questions
i think it's just the image they have of
us it's not like we're even doing
anything
for i feel like oh okay so i'm going to
calm down a little bit
but simply being a approachable
person i've learned makes people assume
that we fit like you mentioned a mold of
theirs and ideal of theirs
that makes it okay to suddenly bear
their stories and to be
a certain extent a lot of us here as i
mentioned but all these ladies have been
really supportive and they are
all very approachable and it's like
welcoming to others
but it's about taking advantage of that
when we
put the boundaries of saying no this is
going too far
yeah dude like i had i had weird stuff
like
people just speaking to me for five
minutes and they were like doing
statements like
yeah i know for sure you my dream wife
whatever and i'm like you don't even
know me
you don't know maybe i'm a terrible
person like maybe what you heard in
those five minutes is not even me like
how can you tell me that like i don't
want to be
like i don't want to have this
confirmation of like men
[Music]
telling me that i am their fantasy after
five minutes talking like
are you even interested to understand me
to know me or is it just like
okay she's my fantasy check let's go no
don't do that
i think that comes down to them having
like a very a very small checklist to be
fit it's like
she plays games you know what she's a
woman
she's female oh nice okay
that's it i need those three things and
that's perfect now we're good
we can get married now
i think a lot of people also confuse
this happens with both sides
friendliness with flirting a lot of
people also confuse that being nice oh
i obviously want you because i'm not
telling you to [ __ ] off
so yeah that's also a problem that
happens to a lot of people
so so when i trust yeah go ahead melissa
there was a point in my life where i had
this happen
so often that i figured okay the only
way to stop this from happening
is to be mean and that didn't really
fit my narrative as a person so i would
always feel a lot of conflict if
somebody
you know confided in me and you know
told me that they had feelings for me
and then sort of
expected anything more and i didn't feel
the same way
it was just it sucked that it happened
so often
in relationships with my friends
and um i guess i just wish that
there was an easier way to navigate
situations like that
so that it's not so uncomfortable was
that an okay question to ask
absolutely so i think here's what i
really liked about
y'all's answer so i i think so i sort of
said if they can make you feel guilty
can you make them fall in love and what
i heard you guys say is that
you know i i do genuinely think
something is going on here where there's
clearly a common pattern
of men feeling this way about you
so then the question becomes if there's
a common pattern
you know where does that come from and
what i'm hearing from y'all
is that they have some kind of like
strange preconceived notion
that they're not actually falling in
love with you
they're falling in love with some like
i yeah it's weird right like
and you can hear you can hear it with
risa like like
some guy randomly and he's like you
remind me of my ex-girlfriend which
signals to me that there are a lot of
feelings on his end which have
nothing to do with risa
and and where do you guys think like
where like how does
talking to someone for you know five
minutes on the internet
turn you i mean don't get me wrong champ
i've known you for a little while and i
think you're an awesome person but
i'm still a little bit confused about
you know what you're doing that makes
random strangers consistently fall in
love with you on the internet
i i think you're great i don't think
you're that great
i it confuses us too
yeah so what do you guys think like
what's up with that uh
i think it's an experience right like if
you're someone who is not used to
someone being responsive to you
and then you're talking to champ and
she's like so nice it's like yeah i'll
listen to you
and it's the first time ever someone
listens to him i understand where it's
coming from where someone's just like oh
my gosh this girl's so nice to me she's
the only one she must be
a nice person she must be someone that
could
help out with x y and z going forward so
i think inner experience does deal a lot
with it
but as mentioned like once champ was
just like oh no i'm sorry
and he's just like oh you know what i've
already gone through how dare you do
that it's just him being
upset because you no longer fit that
idea
yeah yeah like reality check this is not
gonna work
i oh yeah that's that's interesting
right so then like suddenly they have
this idea
of what champ is and what this
relationship is
and then you guys come along and i can
see where a lot of the toxicity towards
towards women comes in because then they
sort of blame you for tearing it down
how dare you not live up to my fantasy
yeah it's like we've denied them
something yeah and that's
that's interesting right because i i've
heard this thread of entitlement or
expectation
yeah what do y'all think about that
what's up with that
like i can't i can maybe say something
go ahead um because it's kind of like
mixing like rl
with online relationships um so
when i had my first relationship i
i don't know i didn't thought that i
could like set boundaries or i
this was not a thing that i
i i don't know i just didn't think that
this was a thing that you have to do in
a relationship
i yeah so like i was just like so happy
that this person wanted to be with me
and um it felt great to be honest like
you you're really overwhelmed if like
someone wants to be with you
so i was like basically like i i really
wanted to like expect
like meet his expectations see him happy
so i keep doing that for years and then
at one point i realized that holy [ __ ]
i'm so tired
like i am tired and i don't know where
this is coming from
this was when um it was a phase in my
life where i was really
you know like i set goals for myself i
had to push a bit more than i was used
to
and then i realized like holy [ __ ] i
don't have any energy
um and then i communicated that to him
and i set boundaries after
four years right and then he was so
confused he gave he was
going mad man he was like what do you
mean and you know he
and it kind of fell apart from there but
i have to say like i'm also the one to
blame for because i never communicated
those boundaries right so he was used to
like
me being this person who meets every
expectation
right so yeah
this is a huge learning that i had like
it's okay to set boundaries
because at the end of the day you want
to be loved for who you
are and be accepted for who you are and
boundaries your boundaries is also a
part of you
and this person should love you with
your boundaries too
and this is a huge learning that i had
um and i'm actually applying it to my
um recent like my actual relationship
now
and i can see a huge difference so i'm
just like
really trying to motivate you guys to
just set your boundaries in relationship
too
sounds like someone leveled up
yeah that's awesome um
yeah so what do you guys think have you
guys sort of dealt with the sense of
expectation or entitlement
from interactions online or
professors entitlement for sure okay so
i will talk about
tinder data that i had three years ago i
think
never met him i'll explain why um
texting wise where you set up a date you
meet
and then it starts storming like crazy
etc and then the person was just like
hey we're still meeting i was like hey
like
trees are falling down storms are awful
let's take a rain check and meet up like
next week instead
it was like oh no no don't worry about
it like i'll come pick you up
and i was just like oh hey like i'm
actually not comfortable with that
um so let's just do the rain check and
he just kept pushing he's like why are
you
not okay with this like i'm even
offering
to pick you up right now and you're
still saying no and i was just like hey
sorry like
it's just something i'm not comfortable
with but like i do want to meet with you
so like next week
and then you reply with c-u-n-t and then
i saw that i was just like
what just happened what does nt mean
y'all are gonna have to educate me
i don't know that's true i don't know
c-u-n-t
oh see you aunty
yeah yeah got it gotta go i i thought
you said
s e e space why are you
space
[Laughter]
yeah i figured it out
i thought it was like some you know i'm
a boomer and i like
see you no time it's like short for
c-u-n-t in no time
like a case that like this person was i
was like really nice and everything
and i felt like i was rejecting the
nicest way possible while setting that
boundary of just not wanting to pick me
up
but something just didn't live up to
that expectation and he just called me
that
and yeah so i
and that's not like the first time not
in terms of dating just in general where
if i nicely reject someone they will
just retaliate or something like
curse where like okay bye [ __ ] i didn't
know you actually just cruel and it's
just like
and that's what i am apologizing as
nicely as possible hey i'm really sorry
about this but i just like can't have
this right now
so i think those are the worst
retaliations i've gotten
yeah uh i've had
like a very soft case of that i haven't
had that experience yet
but um i've i was speaking to a guy
and then after a while i just realized
i'm not vibing with it i don't want to
be with him i don't want to speak to
him nothing he did personally i was just
not feeling
the situation and then i told him that
once and then i felt bad so i said okay
i can give you a chance but don't expect
me
to after still not have the same idea if
i have the same idea i will just stop
speaking to you and he was fine with it
then that time came and i said i'm still
not
clicking with you i don't think it's
gonna work out and
i i said i don't think we're on the same
page and
he he just told me oh he was
like okay fine but he was kind of like
passive aggressive where he said
since you've decided not to be on the
same page since i've decided to be on
the same page like i get to decide if
i'm not on the same page as you
like he he basically said oh you're just
basically calling me
basically calling me cruel like i've
just decided to not
that i just didn't want to speak with
him for no reason but no i was just
feeling that
and i get the choice too well i mean
that's like because he's also deciding
to not be on the same page with you
right it goes both ways like that's the
whole thing um yeah obviously like he
could tell me the same and
okay that's fair like but he was just
upset i guess
or more like passive aggressive about i
think he wasn't too bad
also always like amazing the length
that people will go to to like try to
make that noah yes
for you because like so for me it was i
once um was like
really close with this guy um and he
so first of all while we were just
friends we were just hanging out we were
watching movies together sometime
um he broke up with his girlfriend
later he told me that he broke up with
this girlfriend because he had feelings
for me
um and we even met irl once at an event
and then um i mean i told him
there's nothing gonna be between us
nothing's gonna happen and then after i
told him that he told me that he would
literally do anything for me
he would like pay rent for me i could
just live with him i could just play
video games all day i could just like
chill there um and and i was just like
i've i've told you for like two or three
days straight that
nothing's gonna ever happen between us
and now after we met you
you're gonna come at me with with that
and then i had another instance of
a person um that that said that they
were in love with me
um and i said that i wasn't
or whatever and then he like tried to
stay friends but he was being like
really pushy and he was just really
like he needed a lot of attention so i
decided to stop talking to him
um and then he tried to he literally
tried to bait me with anything possible
to still talk to him like
he he came into my dms at some point and
he was like yeah my therapist
told me um to ask you
what three things were about me that you
liked and three
things that you didn't like or were the
reason for us not being in a
relationship and i just sat there like
huh what no
and it's just like these kind of things
it's
it's kind of strange
i i i'm sorry i kind of missed you on
that last part is that what felt
inappropriate about that was just
because you didn't want i mean the thing
is just
no the thing is that there was like a
clear no
from my side like i told both of these
people that
nothing was gonna happen but they just
kept trying to push it and kept trying
to like
turn that no around um
so which just gets tiring linda maybe i
i totally understood what you were
saying in the first one in terms of like
you know someone asking you to pay their
rent and
i mean sorry that they'll pay your rent
and you can play video games and
and things like that that sounds really
wack what i'm a little bit confused
about and maybe
somebody your colleagues can enlighten
me is like
when someone asks you three things that
i was good at three things i was bad at
and why things
i mean wouldn't work out he used the
excuse of a
therapist first of all but then it was
it was just like
i hadn't talked to him in like weeks and
i had ignored messages over messages
over messages and it was just like okay
it just wouldn't stop even after months
to me to me it feels like also like he's
looking like he's requiring you to have
a concrete answer
when really it should just be like i'm
not interested
okay yeah to me it sounds like he
tries to get like any feedback from you
because this is something that he quite
don't understand
but i totally understand that like you
know spamming
a person and not reacting to a person is
also kind of
yeah not comfortable yeah so that i
think makes
thank you so much for clarifying that
because on the one hand i was kind of
wondering i was like you know because we
were talking earlier about education and
whether like that's a good opportunity
to educate someone
and at the same time it sounds like if
that comes after the conte
or in the context of weeks of repeatedly
trying to get something from you and
then they pull the therapist card
that paints a pretty different picture
right yeah
and because on the one hand i was like
that sounds great like if someone you
know if someone says like hey
if they're respecting your boundary and
they ask like can you tell me you know
if i did something that was
inappropriate
that sounds to me like a good
opportunity to educate but on the other
hand it also sounds like
my therapist using their therapist
as a way to re-engage you yeah like from
my perspective it just seemed like he
wanted to know three things that i liked
about him and then to give him three
things that he could like work on to
like be a better person in my
perspective
so then i see he might make the like he
turn that note he had something to work
on for himself for me i guess but like
grind
on his like knows that he
maybe can get you yeah i'm almost
noticing like
it's interesting because i i didn't
realize this assumption but now i kind
of see it
there's almost an assumption there that
if he grinds on those things
then linda won't have an excuse and that
kind of goes back to the entitlement and
expectation
i did everything that you said i was
bad at love me now
and when you still say no the
retaliation gets worse yeah but i did
everything
lisa i did everything
for you yeah right so so this
is the other trend that i'm kind of
noticing is i i'm getting the sense that
they don't
really treat you like people
yeah does that make sense they treat us
like an image
like some an addition to their we're
something to make their life better
they don't come talk to us to because
they like who we are and they want to
experience moments with us they come to
us because they have the idea that when
we're in their lives we're going to make
everything better
i actually think that in a lot of the
situations that i've been i was actually
like
close enough or had close enough often
like friendship with them already
because i just like
i mean when you're friends with someone
online you can spend like hours talking
and i
i would say that you like when you get
to know people online you get to know
them better than if you would meet them
in real life but um so i would actually
say that they were there because they
like liked who i was
yeah and they sort of understood that um
but they were just like confused about
like
themselves because i think that it's
more of like the idea that a girlfriend
will just solve everything and then also
um
like it's a distraction almost like
having a girlfriend
like it's a nice addition like it's a
past time
kind of like a new car new car it's like
i feel like it's a common issue amongst
like
everyone like guys and girls it's just
the idea of when you are talking to
someone
and i do this stuff like in my past as
well like where i'm talking and i'm only
thinking
from my own perspective right like this
conversation's benefiting me i'm like
opening it up
et cetera and i feel like it took years
and a lot of situations for me to
realize that sometimes like
i am overstepping my boundaries like
this person's going through a lot x y
and z
or i don't know what they're going
through so like me doing this right now
could honestly be really stressful for
them
so i think it's something that i
actually check now like if i'm going
through a really hard time i talk to my
friends i'm like hey like are you okay
with this and if they ever say no like
hey sorry i'm like dealing with a lot
be okay with that okay if they
i think that's the most crucial part and
it's not something to like instantly
like learn
but try to practice that try a thing on
their shoes and if they
you get rejection no it's okay and it's
not
ever on them wow
that's i mean that's pretty
introspective of you recently really
think about you know that sometimes the
the roles can be reversed and maybe
you're burdening someone
inappropriately have you guys run across
issues
either in your own life or like kind of
people that you know in terms of
women taking men up on their offers
of you know paying rent and and things
like that
and like i mean is the reverse also true
have you guys seen that
like where women are not respecting
men's boundaries obviously
yeah a hundred percent mm-hmm i mean a
common one
is uh i these days a lot more women pay
for themselves but i do have friends and
i love to death but they do have the
opinion of like men should pay for them
for example
and then i've been a situation my guy
friends was just like that's not fair
like i'm at dinner and then they are
pushing this expectation over me and
crossing that boundary where sometimes
they're like i never bring my wallet
because i thought this was expected of
you
and so that's something like on the
reverse side that i think is completely
unfair that
is more common with females than guys
that occur
and that's that's a friendship or a
romantic
uh usually romantic for those
yeah other situations does that resonate
with anyone else
yeah i mean i was in a a six-year
relationship
where um it started off with me
um compromise or not compromising um
[Music]
uh or i guess what i'm trying to say is
i
didn't allow myself to have boundaries
in the relationship so
i felt like i was catering to this
person and making sure that they were
happy
and giving them everything that they
needed um so
eventually i started to feel exhausted
kind of like what champ was talking
about
in her relationship and that led to a
lot of
resentment later on and so when i did
finally
find my voice um it almost felt like it
was too late
and um um that person didn't respect
what i was trying to say
and what i needed and so it just kind of
became a really toxic situation where we
were both
um crossing boundaries and we never
really had a chance to
fix that so it just um it made things
very toxic
between the two of us so i can i can
honestly speak for both sides when i say
that
um it's not good to
give in to um i guess the pressure
to like um i guess be there for a person
and meet their expectations if you feel
like it's hurting you
or affecting you because later on it's
just gonna lead to a lot of
anger and frustration and um
you know sometimes it just feels like
it's it's too late to even salvage
the relationship or the friendship at
that point because there are no
boundaries
it's just like anything goes at that
point
it sounds exhausting to try to be
someone that you're not
you know sounds tough um
anything else that like people i i know
we've been been kind of bouncing around
a lot does anybody want to share
anything that they kind of haven't
had a chance to yet otherwise i've got a
couple other questions or
maybe some direction but does anybody
feel like they wanted to share something
and didn't get a chance because we moved
too quickly or
so overall i just want to say and we're
not done
quite yet or anything but i just want to
say like i think it's really really
useful to hear
especially when i sort of challenge or
play devil's advocate
it's really useful i think for me to
hear y'all's perspective when i do
challenge something
um and and for i think it's it's really
uncovered a lot i hope that people who
are watching
can get a sense of what your internal
environment
is when they interact with you in this
way
because what i'm hearing is a complete
absence
of appreciation that you have an
internal environment
right that like you or a person with
thoughts and feelings and needs
and that you are not this thing that
they think you are
i think that's a broader question is to
like why they form these opinions or
where these beliefs come from
in the case of the 50 year old professor
it sort of makes sense because it's like
he's 50 and maybe he believes certain
things and
was conditioned a certain way and
honestly i wouldn't be surprised if when
he was 20 that kind of behavior was more
acceptable
right so like if you look at people who
are boomers
like disrespect
for various reasons including your age
or your gender
or whatever your race was like more
acceptable 50 years ago than it is today
um a couple of other things that i kind
of was was curious
and so i think it's like worthwhile i'm
curious about where these impressions
from people come from
i also wonder a lot about like i get the
sense that a lot of people that you guys
talk to are really
starved and hungry for something that
they don't get anywhere else
and it's been my observation that like
when you treat them like humans
they confuse that because that's also
some of the way that we're conditioned
as men
that we don't disclose really personal
thoughts or feelings unless it's
romantic
that talking so weird what's weird about
that
i don't know like i wouldn't have any
problem talking to friends about that
like i wouldn't
i wouldn't think it was anything more
than friends if i like went to someone
for advice or to talk about something
that i was going through
i like wish it was more normal you know
like i wish i could just have that
conversation
with friends that are men without it
being weird you know
um i guess they hold um speaking to
someone about their problems
um more special to them than we do
because we have
no problem sometimes depends on the
person but speaking with a friend
but they associate speaking with someone
to someone who's more special maybe
that's where that association comes from
but it that that association
also comes with a lot of insecurity
because they are told sometimes men are
told like you cannot cry you cannot
speak about your emotions because you're
seen as weak so when someone
gives them the chance to be themselves
they might attach to you
because you make them feel good but it's
just in fact like
they should just be able to speak with
everyone normally and
have a lot of friendly people treating
them like humans
yeah and i completely agree with you
math and i think that actually is like
part of the problem because
you know they should be able to speak to
other people like that that way
but they're not and so if you're
yeah i think if i can imagine and based
on my conversations with like gamers and
even like in cells and stuff
we've been trying to get a real incel on
stream and we haven't found one
mostly what is the real infill i don't
know but like i thought it was like
like most of the people that we get on
stream end up being decent human beings
which is
you know i feel like once you have
one-on-ones with people they are
actually decent human beings yeah but
then like through
i really think so like uh but then like
when there's the online persona like
all the insult comments come in they
don't think before they speak but like i
feel like when they go on a show with
you dr kayla you start targeting with
specific questions
and for once they're actually analyzing
before they speak they're naturally and
so
if they put on some thoughts about it a
lot of um
sorry a lot of the incel um
behavior at least i think comes from a
lot of bad feelings that they have
that they just to cope put out
their hate on women but i think it just
comes from a lot of bad feelings and
that emotions that they have
on their daily lives so when you speak
to them like face on face
i mean i'm saying like a few of them i
can say it's all of them but a few of
them are just
nice people who are going through a hard
time and not
doing the right things with those those
emotions
before they've had a couple of bad
experiences and these were enough
to make them feel so angry at women
yeah i i think that i'd agree i mean
there's a lot of understanding i i think
you guys are speaking
a lot of sense to me i mean that's my
sense too is that
a lot of times what happens and if we
even think about your experiences
you know when they feel rejected or hurt
by you
oftentimes like you know hurt turns into
anger
and when i think about where did where's
hatred born it's usually born from one
of two places in my experience
one is hurt and the second is
conditioning
and in the case of some of these online
communities like
you know they feel hurt and then there's
a community
that embraces them with open arms
and at the same time you know kind of
thinking about what i'm hearing from
y'all's stories i mean i get the sense
that
you guys are providing something that's
rare and valuable and frankly what
sounds like it's intoxicating
to some people and they don't really
know what that means because they've
been taught
that you know when you talk about
feelings like people don't really listen
to you and being listened to
and respected and treated as a human can
really be confusing for them
um because they were just taught by a
different kind of playbook
not saying that you know it excuses
their behavior but
i can also understand um how hard it is
to find somebody to trust
because that's something that i've dealt
with in my life and
so when you finally have an interaction
with somebody where you feel like you
can
you know really open up and be
vulnerable it it
changes the dynamic of
the relationship or the friendship and
some people are able to separate
themselves
and understand that it's not romantic
but then there are other situations
where
people can't and they take it as okay
this person
is interested in me because i can trust
them and they trust me and
i can take it further because we have
that type of relationship
but it may not be the case and
yeah go ahead math uh i also see
sometimes when
you set the boundaries a lot of people
are actually respectful like okay i'm
sorry i didn't know this i will uh
respect your boundaries
i lagged i don't know if you heard me
yep but um
and then the other when people don't
react well i think it's because they
don't know how to
separate um the rejection
from their value i think they they take
the rejection as
immediately like you suck so i don't
want to be with you
it could be just the thing of we're
different people we don't fit together i
don't think it would work out but they
take it to their ego
and that's why and it hurts them that's
why it comes off as anger
sometimes yeah so i i know we're talking
a little bit about
you know valuing someone as a person but
not necessarily
being on the same page about a
relationship that's what we call the
friend zone
i know we've sort of been talking about
this does anybody want to share an
actual like experience of like friend
zoning someone and what happened
champion linda um yeah after that
everyone
okay i will start so um it's a
uh real life experience that i had so
like some years ago i had
really like a lot of friends and most of
them they were men
and um then i realized why i have so
many many
male friends um so
they tried to have a romantic
relationship with me and when
you know they were like clear evidence
like when they said it because
back then i didn't quite understood it
like like
wait what kind of evidence are they
there out
like are they out there so i thought
like yeah a guy just
being nice to me and want to hang out
with me this is like
this is cool you know this is this is
not a relationship like this is not
us trying to go to the next level this
is just us
appreciating each other and just hanging
out
so you know when they try to make a move
like
try to hold my hands or something i was
like wait
um this is not quite what i was going
for
like can we just like like how do you
say
can you can we just be friends right um
so
they were like oh yeah sure but then
they ghosted on me
we never like hang out anymore so i lost
like almost 10 friends like that
because after i communicated that look
this is the friend zone i never heard
for them again
so like now this kind of stick with me
because now
i'm like scared of having like
male friendship like or even having like
a
guy friend that i can be just like that
i can just hang around with
um because i'm scared of having like
this confirmation of
again that all they wanted was just like
me fulfilling
like their fantasies and not actually
like me
like appreciating my presence and just
hang around
so yeah this is my friend's own
experience
so so let me just ask a quick question
so
they ghosted you so clearly they were
not interested in friendship they were
more
interested in something else um
you know what i guess i'm sort of
envisioning if they had said no i'm
actually like i do have strong feelings
for you and i don't think that we can be
friends
i understand they didn't say that if
they had said that do you think that
that's
okay
i'm trying to think back like that's
back then how i would
um yeah i don't think there's nothing
like wrong with them
saying it it's just that i can't give
them the answer that they want
yup you know yeah so
and i i'm i'm kind of noticing that like
this is one of those situations where
they may be on one page and you're on a
different page which is totally cool it
sounds like you set a good boundary
but then also like maybe what would
actually be healthier
is if they do have feelings and it would
be hard for them to be friends
instead of ghosting you just being
transparent right like
respecting your boundary but also sort
of
sharing their feelings and saying
you know hey i don't know if i can do
that because i do have feelings for you
what do you think about that yeah i
would appreciate that because it will
give me
like clarity and i don't have to guess
it on my own
and interpret it that oh like my
presence
as a female friend for male friend
is giving hints of me wanting a
relationship with them
i don't know yeah yeah i think that also
kind of goes back to the ambiguity of
of like you know when do you know
whether
you're hanging out or you're dating or
what
and yeah and it just kind of goes back
to like the common theme that i'm sort
of hearing because it's not so much
about
so it sounds like it's important for you
to set a boundary right so it's also
maybe important for them to try to
signal to you
that they are interested by trying to
grab your hand or hold your hand and
then you kind of say hey i'm not really
interested in this
so i so far based on what you guys have
said i'm sort of assuming that it's okay
for them to let their
intentions be known if they do is feel a
certain way about you
we on the same page there or yes yeah as
long as they're like respectful
exactly it's what you want kind of like
i i want to know
so i know how to like react right
and then for you to set the boundary in
terms of what you're comfortable with
and then they too get to set ideally
they would set their own boundary in
response to
your i mean respect yours but also are
allowed to set their own which is that
i'm actually not too interested in
friendship
yeah that's something i feel like
sometimes it doesn't have to be so like
blunt or straightforward like oh i have
feelings for you what are we gonna do
it could be as simple as like just
checking in with each other and making
sure
that um what's going on is comfortable
for both
parties and go from there because it can
be a lot of pressure to hear somebody
tell you that they have feelings for you
and you don't have the same feelings
back um
it's just it's harder to respond in that
situation because you don't want to
anger them you don't want to make them
feel like
bad for being vulnerable so i think just
check-ins are nice
yeah i think even like if it does
progress to a relationship
check-ins are nice because like i was in
a relationship for like three years
where there were things that i was
uncomfortable with but it like
felt like it was established so early on
that it's like too late to set a
boundary now
or like if i set a boundary now would it
be offensive to my partner you know
and that's like i i didn't know
like when i didn't set those boundaries
early on it was because
that was confrontation and i didn't want
to be like hey you went too far this
time
but instead of having that conversation
then
he just thought he didn't go too far and
it happened again and again and i wasn't
comfortable with it you know and so it's
like
in hindsight i wish that i knew
um so what i'm hearing is that that
you know it's easier to set a boundary
than it is to change a boundary
like or set an expectation than it is to
change an expectation
and i actually hear a common theme that
just in terms of y'all's relationships
um you know i don't know how old many of
y'all are but i'm
in my mind you're young none of y'all
are boomers
and so you know i think it's normal to
not know
some of the things that you guys know
now right like we we've heard
you know champ leveled up like all of
you all have leveled up and that's what
happens when you're in a relationship
for three years four years six years
that you level up and you learn and that
sometimes you have to kind of adjust
expectations you have your own
insecurities you're trying to be this
person that the other
because you care about you want a
relationship so you're willing to
compromise certain things and that's
actually pretty normal
in relationships by the way and that
healthy relationships are not the ones
that
start one way and stay that way but that
expectations and relationships
change over time and that
in my experience healthy relationships
are the ones that are not the same as
when they started
and it involves changing your
expectations
setting new expectations hey it was
great that you played video games for 15
hours a day when we were 19
but now that we're 28 and we have three
kids
i know it sounds like a joke but it's
actually kind of sad man
[Music]
um and what alyssa was kind of saying
about sort of feeling things out and
checking in with people like actually
reminds me of what risa said in the
first five minutes
which is if you don't know ask
right i can imagine that champ's
situation would have been like
smoother if people had sort of let her
know ahead of time or even that
if you would let them know that hey just
checking in like
how do you see our relationship
um yeah so
so any i think someone else had a story
about the friendzone linda
oh yeah i've i just want to say
something before it's something that is
like sort of interesting to me is that
um i every time
i meet new people or i engage in a new
community
i like sort of make it very clear
um that i'm not interested in starting a
relationship
here like and and the thing is like even
though people know they will still
um develop those feelings for me or
still
try to make a move whatever um but then
okay so it's it's probably one of my
favorite or not favorite friend zone
stories but my best friend
actually confessed to me um like
a year ago when we barely met we we'd
met each other for like
two weeks three weeks um and he said
that he thought that he had feelings for
me even though he knew that i wasn't
interested in anything
and stuff like that um
but out of that confession a sort of
like openness in our relationship
developed where
where he realized that i was just
accepting and i was like okay with him
telling me these things
um and we sort of like talked about it
and stuff like that and he realized that
um he didn't like actually fall in love
with me or whatever and now we're like
he he is definitely the person that i'm
closest to in my my life
um and i'm like super happy that i have
him and i know he's also watching so
so i'm gonna troll you a little bit so
it sounds like he's playing the long
game
[Laughter]
the thing okay so he he recently moved
to the same city as me
um and and i thought especially in the
beginning when we like met up and stuff
i was like a little bit skeptical i was
like wait
so so i picked this up i picked i picked
the discussion up again and i was like
just making sure and stuff
but that just like again cleared things
up and it was nice
like okay so linda pardon me for being
skeptical
but i don't really know your situation
i'm gonna actually ask
your colleagues what do you guys think
about the situation because like they're
the experts right
i'd be curious if in like a year it's
still you're just pals living in the
same city
oh really i say good for her i like
think that's yeah which is great
i think he he understood that he had a
deep friendship with her in connection
and in the beginning he might have
confused it with love but i think
once like he understood okay so i can
have a really good friend that i can
talk to and she can
can not be my girlfriend she could just
be my friend and that's okay
like so yeah yeah if anything it shows
growth on his part because he was able
to
express how he felt and understand what
your
friendship meant to him and whether or
not it was important to keep going or to
say okay this is not going to work out
one thing is you know i actually hate
the term friend zone
so i think it's a really fun meme term
to use like i love it which has to only
see something else you're like oh you've
been friend zoned it's funny
um but in terms of like real life if a
guy or a girl and bisexual by the way
tells me that like hey like you're a
good friend of mine
first insane it's like cool they're a
friend too let me see them in a friend's
like
view and even if i did initially find
them attractive in a relationship sense
that's fine it's just simply change that
kind of mentality like all right
they told me that they see me as a
friend i see them as a friend too great
i'm not like oh no i've been in the
friend zone now like that's not my first
reaction and i think that people who
have that first reaction whenever a girl
or a guy
tells you that they see you as a friend
and you're like oh wow
i've been zoned i think that's
actually a really bad mentality to have
yeah i think a counterpoint is like
you've been girlfriend zoned
right yeah right because that's what
happens to you guys you guys get
girlfriend-zoned
from the get-go oh you listened to me
for five minutes about how i lost this
game in league of legends
and you were sympathetic girlfriend's
own time
to be honest it isn't even that it's not
a lot of the time
i think guys don't even confess in the
hopes of have of like getting with us
for me at least like because because i
always make sure that people know that
nothing's going to happen they know they
just want to get it off their chest
um but the the problem that i
mainly have with this is like how much
it happens and the frequency of it
sure like i would almost say
like maybe every fifth to seventh person
that i become friends with online
is like at some point um tells me
they're attracted to me
and because of that it's just like you
lose a very big amount of friends and it
also puts you
sometimes at a like awkward spot in a
community
um yeah sounds hard so it kind of puts
you out like
it just yeah i'm i'm gonna just
challenge again
because i i sort of heard a lot so linda
said
hey this happened he moved to the same
city i was kind of joking a little bit
and and i i do think that you know it
sounds like the majority opinion
is that this is a sign of growth and
it's like healthy and i think everything
you guys said makes a lot of sense in
terms of
sometimes it's important to just get
those feelings off of your chest have a
mature conversation and that's how the
friendship moves forward
at the same time star was a little bit
curious
right i'm just like actually just
curious because that seems like a big
step
i can't think of any friends that i
would make that step for
but that's just me personally like i'm
not saying one way or another
i i think if we think a little bit about
why we're talking today
i think actually the way to be the most
supportive is to not
necessarily just agree with people what
people are saying
even though i don't think you guys are
just agreeing with linda i think
everyone brings up good points
sounds like linda's very good at setting
boundaries early on
and that she's good at like managing
things and that they are genuinely very
good friends
and at the same time i also think what
star says you know like
something flipped in my mind because
just like she said
i don't know or let me be
clear i have never well
maybe even that that's a not a good i
was about to say i've never moved cities
for a friend
but that also assumes for a moment that
he moved for her which is like probably
not a fair assumption
right it just happened he wanted to move
out of his country in the first place
sorry yeah and and so it sort of makes
sense to move to a place if you're
planning on moving to like move to a
place where you have
some kind of connection in some kind of
roots
but i also do know people that have
played the long game
and and so just something to think about
you know it does sound like it's
she set a firm boundary and there are
good reasons to move and and things like
that
linda am i making you feel uncomfortable
you look good no okay
sorry yeah good and i i think what
everyone else said too but i'm also
curious and i i wonder what will happen
in the year
i hope it's not being an [ __ ] to say
that no no no no no not at all
i mean it's as i said yeah yeah because
i i think
frankly part of what i where this is
coming from is that
i also know that some people
will do their best to try to be friends
and that over time those kinds of
feelings can re-emerge
or as he sort of figured things out and
then
you know as as time goes on you can
figure out oh i actually like do have
feelings right
just like relationships change and
evolve and you guys have conversations
it's possible i can imagine if you take
a hundred people
in linda's scenario some of those
conversations will probably end up being
oh i actually do have feelings for you
y'all is that fair risa you wanted to
say something yeah so i just want to say
that has happened to me where i friend
zoned someone and then we actually dated
like
a year later and the concept was that
though
i'm so sorry i'm so sorry about this
i'll make a proper point about this okay
so do you realize how many women you
just screwed with that statement because
now
but i will make it clear though
let me finish
like the thing is is that he was not
continuously hitting on me
like after i made it clear he became a
good friend like honest to god
never was just like hey you're cute
today or like hey
like we should do this together it was a
very respectful relationship and then
things just ended up that way because
eventually i
caught feelings and then i reached out
to him
about it not the other way around with
him forcing it
on me so much hope to the internet reset
i would definitely rare completely it's
a rare case it's a rare case for sure
like i'm so sorry if i screwed people no
it's true though
it's true because i wanted to say like
relationships do change but the idea is
that you're not forceful about it
right like so even though you are
yeah like if you're a friend your friend
act like a friend that's what my ex did
right and then uh things just happened
with that one and it was a rare case
but in general this is not like the long
time when you get friend zone and you're
like all right
let me figure out what is the plan of
how i can still hit on her and get each
other
points and he did not have that
expectation if anything like it just was
out of nowhere that i confessed to him
so i mean the key is just like being
open with your communication especially
in these like situations and it's also
like
i have that with my best friend that
when he confessed to me
it was like when he caught feelings i
had feelings for someone else and i was
talking to him about those feelings and
then like
a little while after that he was like
the way that you felt about that guy was
exactly how i felt about you
um but like that sort of established
such a like
close trust factor that even if he now
caught feelings for me i would trust him
to
say it again and if i developed him i i
would like be open about it and be able
to talk about it to him as well
um so i think that's why i trust him in
that way by the way
to also save the conversation slightly
just because i know that lineman is
screwed there are people that has
confessed to me that i will cut out of
my life instantly because
and continue to try to flirt and etc and
that's not proper friendship for me
so i would be like hey i just goodbye no
but i mean i i think it is common right
so i think part of the reason that
that some people stay in the friend zone
is because i have heard a lot of
situations
where um until my wife explained to me
that this wasn't true
i thought we were friends first right
and
that's not unreasonable right that like
you can be friends with someone because
what we're talking about is people
grow and change over time and so like if
someone is in your life and they grow
and change as a person and you grow and
change as a person
the nature of a healthy relationship is
one that changes over time and sometimes
that can start as a friendship
and end up as a romance or bizarrely
i've also worked with people who are
like
you know divorced and are on amicable
terms and realize
oh actually like we make awesome friends
and we were just confused and we should
have never been in a romantic
relationship
even gotten married and that's true too
right so i was kind of trolling you but
i i do think that
you know i can understand why some
people hope
or i can understand why some people
would stay in the friend zone
with their fingers crossed and what i'm
hearing from you guys is what makes that
okay or not okay is the openness
and the trust with which you do that
right it's like in the back of your mind
if you're like waiting for her to fall
in love with you
that just sounds unfair toxic and
frankly unhealthy in your life
and at the same time if you can value
another human being and set aside
romantic feelings
and at the sa you know things change
over time then like so
be it
yeah because i think there are men that
are pretty good about
hiding their feelings but we're very
good at one or another
yeah i think i'm actually i'm actually
deeply in love with one of you right now
can you guess who
that was a joke maybe
i think like if you have this hope
that you might um be able to get into a
relationship with somebody
um it'll show and it will make things
uncomfortable
so it's not like you can just play the
long game and
never show it i think sooner or later
the other person is going to feel that
something's
going on or something's happening
absolutely right i think it does blend
in and you guys can tell
right that's what i'm hearing from
melissa
how do you know yeah oh it's just
i've been in situations too where it's
just like you trust them as a friend and
then
it's just like a parties when alcohol is
involved people take advantage and
that's not okay
and it's just the idea that if you're a
truly good friend if you see a drunk
friend like that or such a your first
instinct should be to just help them
not like this is the girl that i have
had a crush on i've been playing this
long con
let me think of the intuition like that
i just want to put that out there that
is just
never ever okay and so even if you do
still have a crush on someone
please just if they tell you that they
see you as a friend and
vice versa like just keep with that
mentality
and if things happen sure but yeah be a
friend first
just wanted to put that out there yeah
so i i think you guys are kind of
transitioning to something which i've
been sort of thinking a lot about which
is like
i'm almost hearing a playbook come out
of this
in terms of y'all are sharing a lot of
important stuff from your perspective
about what's acceptable behavior and
what's not acceptable behavior
and i wonder if actually you know we
were talking a little bit about
repercussions versus education
i wonder how do you guys feel about like
can we just go from start to finish
about you know how what's an appropriate
way to interact with women whether it be
on or not i mean people
um but i'm sort of thinking a little bit
about you know this group of people who
like
approaches you guys online it sounds
like it's relatively frequent
right up to like 20 of people in linda's
case
um and and to kind of think a little bit
i mean it doesn't sound
unreasonable to me it's probably true
for all of you guys but um
and for us to like think a little bit
about you know how should they speak
what should they say when should they
say it how should they respond to what
you say
um and like how can we sort of like
maybe actually concretely educate people
about like how to deal with women how to
deal with romantic feelings
how do we know when we're friends versus
flirting like
you know what happens because sometimes
people flirt with their friends
right and and so how do you navigate
that like what do you guys think are
there kind of take-home points that we
can kind of
put together from our conversation today
i think i guess go ahead oh no
i guess if i had like one point it would
be
like asking if something you did was
okay
after the fact in like as neutral a way
possible like hey
just wanted to make sure like i made
this joke just wanted to make sure you
know it was just a joke and it didn't
make you uncomfortable
like there are friends that i've had and
even like relationships that i've been
in where if someone had said like
hey i just want to double check that
you're okay with this like that would
have meant so much to me and like could
have opened
a conversation if i wasn't okay with it
versus like
oh is it worth starting a fight by
bringing this up and like putting me in
a situation where
i have to like you know like confront
them
to have that conversation and i know
that's like hard like i don't normally
do it in my relationships but i'm trying
to now and i think it'd be
like really good for most friend groups
if
that was a conversation everyone was
willing to have
so what i'm hearing from you just i want
to recap each point as we go through it
is that okay
guys okay so what i'm hearing is like
sometimes in the past
you're gonna feel like avoiding a
conversation
because of the conversation could be
difficult
or could cause waves but really when we
think about healthy relationships they
involve having difficult conversations
exactly
risa champ sure so in addition to that i
just want to say try to do it beforehand
this one's a lot harder to do
but if there are something you are
uncertain like for example if i am
someone made a lot of provocative jokes
first thing i would do before this call
is ask these ladies like hey like
i make these provocative jokes i
actually asked them about my cursing is
cursing okay
like just because i do curse on a normal
basis and just to make sure of that on
just little things that you know from
history but then my most important point
though is to observe
observing is a skill set that takes a
while to build but try to when you do
something
look at the person's reaction or if
you're sending messages even you can't
see reactions
if you send 50 messages and this person
replies with k
or like not much response chances are
you're not very close to the person
okay or you can just be like hey like
are you going through something awful if
you guys are a really close
friendship just check in gauge reactions
and then respond accordingly through
that so
let me ask actually quick follow-up so
that was really useful risa because you
said
if someone's sends 50 messages and they
respond with hey
what i'm getting the sense of is
especially a lot of people don't know
how to interpret
communications online and especially
that sometimes it sounds like you guys
are trying to be like
tactful and not mean
and that there's ambiguity like so you
guys have a choice between
on a scale of like zero or like on two
ends of the spectrum one is like being
nice and being mean
and you're trying to set a boundary and
i i thought maybe i heard alyssa say
that
what she's had to learn how to do is to
be mean
because sometimes when she i i may have
it may have been someone else but that
sometimes when you guys are trying to
like let people down gently
or like not hurt their feelings or you
know you know
not like you recognize it could be
insecure and so you try to be nice
so what are some signs that you're like
not interested in someone
in that way like what i also i guess i
want to clarify that
um i haven't been
mean in the way that like i was cussing
at somebody or saying like
things that were hurtful it's more so i
had the
mentality that maybe i might have to be
a little bit more aggressive
and um i think what i do more now is
i'll just ignore it yeah
firm i'll just ignore it or i will send
a message that's really short and um
i guess to try to let them know i'm not
interested anymore instead of
having that conversation because i don't
always feel the need to talk about
you know boundaries with a stranger or
you know to
sort of like open the floor up for that
because
at the end of the day i don't really
know you so i don't owe you any
explanation as to why i'm rejecting you
or why i'm not responding
and i think that's what's important for
me is being respected
as a person and as a woman to just be
able to say no and
have that be enough for me so
yeah so what i'm hearing alyssa says
that you should
you know just because someone says no
doesn't mean that you deserve an
explanation
even if you want one so that's kind of
an important take-home point
um math yeah i was answering
to the what are some signs a woman is
not interested
um you usually have to start
conversations or you start the action of
interaction between both of you
if in those actions she's not very
interactive as well like the
the spamming and the k and the third one
sometimes if they just say i don't want
to speak with you i think that's a
pretty
big sign and yeah is that they don't
understand that
some stuff yeah most i'm not
like sometimes most of the times they
are they kind of back away but
sometimes they don't like i had one
severe case
where this guy he spammed me on discord
and then i'm like okay easy thing to do
i'm just gonna block him on discord then
he found a way
to message me on another platform he
messaged me on facebook spammed me on
facebook blocked him on facebook i
thought i was done
then then he spammed me on steam
blocked him on steam then he messaged
like somehow he got my number
then he messaged me on whatsapp had to
block him on whatsapp
four platforms already and then
he used another person's account to
contact me and i'm like
what should i do i can't only react
you know like with the block
because i i i when he was spamming i
said stop
stop please stop and then i had to send
it to him on facebook that
and then block him then on steam please
stop this is not gonna
i'm not gonna read those messages
yeah i would say
go to the police but i've i've had
stories where the police haven't been so
nice
so i don't know
yeah i met a guy at a dog park
and um i gave him my number just because
i was being nice
and he ended up finding me on instagram
finding me on snapchat
adding me everywhere and um at first the
conversation was pretty
casual but it turned into him messaging
me every morning
every afternoon like pretty much any
time he could it seemed like
and it got to the point where i told him
like hey i'm not interested i don't want
to
talk to you anymore and um he got mad at
me
one time and kept messaging me um and
another time i had blocked him on
everything and i guess he found my
whatsapp somehow
and he started um acting like nothing
had happened basically and was like hey
how are you doing what's going on
i was like i thought i told you you know
we're not talking i'm not interested
and then he called me a bunch of really
terrible words and
um i decided to just you know leave it
there and block him i didn't even
respond to the things that he was saying
because they were so
terrible
i think one final advice that i could
give
is that do it this is something i do
it's like a final message
basically if i don't know this person
likes me or like
maybe i'm getting mixed signals and
stuff like that i will send one message
that's just like
hey like i'm sorry if i'm disturbing
because i sent like this is my third
message to them or something like that
um just when i know my doors are open if
you ever want to talk
and if i ever bought you anyways i
apologize and i just kind of leave it at
that
if at least for me when i see a message
like that if i truly
like the person and i see them as close
or a friend i will 100 reach out to
clear out that misunderstanding
but if i don't like you or then i would
just leave it ignored
and i for me at least i like the final
message policy send one last one make
your points clear
and give them an out yeah give them a
now if they want to respond they will
if not you leave it at that what does
that mean star give them an
out so like give them an opportunity
to end things there like like oh like no
worries if you're not interested but if
you are
blah blah and then if they're not
interested they can just leave it at
that without any hard feelings because
you've said no worries
okay so anything else that people want
to add in terms of
you know what yeah we'll do champ and
then linda
okay so um when you when you see
someone communicating their boundaries
please respect them
don't deflate them don't try to put them
on your standard like oh i'm actually
okay with that why is that person not
okay with doing that that is not normal
so i can like no like these are two
different boundaries like
your boundary doesn't have to be the
other person's boundary
and there's no likes over like an
universal like standard that can be
applied for anyone like
uh we are all individuals and we have
different boundaries
and we should respect them especially
like
for me like boundaries is first you
communicate
then you can respect the boundaries
right because you have like legit no
evidence what this
person is okay with because i sometimes
also had like interactions where i
crossed someone's boundaries and i was
like oh wait
like how did this happen right like i
thought this was perfectly fine
um but when this other person like
communicates their boundaries
just don't be like oh yeah like
this is you acting weird this is norm
not normal
you know don't deflate them those things
because i heard also from
um other girls that um they got like
their boundaries got
also deflated from like close friends
and families which i think
it's not great and if you want to have
like a
safe place you sh this is this should be
like a criteria where people can like
communicate their boundaries
and that you know that those people will
respect those
fantastic linda
oh um yeah i'm okay
so for me it's like when i guess the
advice
that i wish a couple of people would
like think about is that
when you feel like you're in love with
someone maybe ask yourself if you're
like in love with
the idea and not the actual girl and
like
maybe maybe think about like how your
relationship would work because like
i know for myself that i'm like a sort
of really confident person
and i know that just with the amount of
like people that don't have
that confidence there would be like a
sort of power dynamic between us if
anything great to happen
just thinking about it it would just
like wouldn't work because we're like
not compatible i guess um
so just like think about
what like this does this even make like
any sense
sure so let me let me hear yeah
go ahead i also have something to add um
nowadays people are more open to speak
about these
issues but what i feel like what happens
after is that
is that the idea of that if you if you
do this if you do the right thing
you're better than other people no it's
just a normal thing that should be
respected in
the first place you should not feel more
special because you respect women or
respect their boundaries is a thing that
should exist
already math i'm a bit confused and
and maybe you'll help me out you're
telling me that if i don't respect
your if i you're telling me that if i do
a good job of respecting your boundaries
and treat you like a human i'm not
entitled to date you no no
you're talking about nice guys right now
no what
[Music]
i'm confused but i i did everything that
you guys said why
aren't you yeah but sometimes this is
the thing like we just don't click
you're respectful thank you very much
for being respectful but sometimes this
just doesn't work out
and what i've yeah basically i thought
was dr hey i think he'd be a great
friend
but i thought that being the great
friend is the way that i become your
boyfriend that's what reese said
i'm just at the boy to the friend and
then you become the boyfriend
yeah right
so like i think i think maybe what was
missing is that like you guys didn't
understand what my gender was so i can
send you a particular picture proving it
and isn't that
isn't that what i'm supposed to do oh
thank you
yeah so so it's what i'm hearing from
math in all seriousness and you guys
have to let me know if i overstep
okay so you know all right
uh but that's funny so but i i think
what i'm really hearing is that like
you know basic respect and talking about
boundaries and treating someone like a
human being
is what is just like that's just being
human it's not
like making you boyfriend material like
sure a boyfriend should do all those
things
yes but it's not sufficient
to enter a romantic relationship and
that what we're talking about here is a
playbook of interaction
not a playbook to like get a girlfriend
exactly although i do think i do think
it is
necessary although not sufficient to to
be
boyfriend material to like treat someone
like a human it's the base
yeah it's a business okay so let me see
if i can recap
all right so the first thing is that you
know like when you interact with people
online the first thing to understand is
that you are a stranger
and they are a stranger if you talk to
someone for five minutes you guys
are not even friends y'all are strangers
also that like certain things while they
may
be on the path to boyfriend don't
necessarily
mean that they're on the path to
boyfriend like if alyssa meets you at a
dark part and gives you her number
it does not necessarily mean that she's
romantically interested in you
right that there are lots of gestures
like maybe a a good thing to do would be
to like
you know reverse the person's gender to
like
something else in your mind like if i
met a dude at a boy at a
dog park and i'm a heterosexual male and
i'm gonna assume that he's a
heterosexual male and we exchange phone
numbers
that's fine right that like just because
someone is a man or a woman doesn't
necessarily indicate romantic interest
so the first thing is that when you
interact with a woman online that
they're like
y'all are still strangers and you guys
can maybe get to know each other a
little bit
um if someone does respond to you if
you're interacting with a woman
um that you know it's fine to interact
and for you guys to connect but that
actually like unless there's something
like flirtation going on
that the presumption is that you guys
are friends
and that if you're interested in being
more than friends you should signal that
in some way and probably do that
early before you invest a lot of the
into the relationship
and that because the further i one thing
that i've noticed is that you know when
people invest a lot in the relationship
they expect a lot out of the
relationship
right i've done so many things for you
why won't you date me and that's why
they feel kind of like
let down because they've given a lot oh
yeah i like moved across the world for
you
and i'm paying your rent and like we're
great friends but like why won't you
love me
and and from y'all's perspective i would
really think it's
it's like healthy if someone does seem
to be investing a lot in
into the relationship that that you
really kind of stop and think about like
you know what is the assumption here
even though you think you guys are
friends
that that you know boundary setting
conversation or like trying to figure
out what your relationship is
actually goes two ways and i think a lot
about what star said and that sometimes
as human beings we like to avoid
difficult conversations
but that it may actually hurt more in
the long run to avoid those difficult
conversations
so probably relatively early on you
don't have to be like
you know overly expressive or
or go too far but probably men who are
interested in you and once again i'm
assuming a heteronormative standpoint
should indicate to you somewhat early on
but not too early on right like not
after five minutes of dms
but they should try to get to know you
as a person move past a stranger point
and then i think someone i forgot
exactly who said this but maybe it was
linda who was kind of saying that like
if you feel like you're in love with
someone like ask yourself what are you
in love with
because what do you actually know about
this person
and so far all you know is that they
warded well when you were playing league
of legends and like wow
that's amazing right
ending all of my standards yeah and and
so
so to really think about okay what do
you know about this person as you guys
start to interact a couple of warning
signs one is like an
uneven communication and oddly enough i
know this is going to be kind of a weird
analogy i don't know if any of y'all
play tennis
but you know with with tennis i
sometimes think about there's a ball and
then you hit the ball from one side to
the other side
and then the ball has to get hit back
before you hit it again
so it goes back and forth and sometimes
what i'm getting the sense of is people
that you interact with on
on discord or through dms or like those
tennis ball machines you guys know those
machines
where it's just like they're just
shooting bubble after ball after ball
so ask yourself am i playing a game of
tennis with this person
or am i a tennis ball machine blocked me
on instagram
challenge accepted i'm gonna find your
your phone number block me on whatsapp
challenge accepted i'm gonna find out
where you live
so don't be a tennis ball machine
right and and so to try to reciprocate
the level of interaction and this is
where what risa says i think is really
important
observe which i really just am shocked
by
the lack of observation i don't know how
you can expect people to observe if
they're like you're blocking them on
multiple platforms
and they're hunting you down on others
like you know observation
that just sounds so on a different level
i don't even know
where to start there um and i think part
of
you know i think i feel like ultimately
what we're having is half of the
conversation and what we need to do is
talk to the tennis ball machines talk to
the people who have been friend zoned
and get their perspective
because i i do sort of think like i can
sort of understand that if i
you know meet a cute girl at the dog
park and she gives me her number
like hey can i call you sometime um and
i can understand how there's ambiguity
there so there's also like that's why
and it's not that you guys should and we
sort of acknowledge this at the
beginning right it's not like you can
say
i'm giving you my number but i'm not
interested in you romantically but i'd
love to hang out as friends like that
seems like a bit much
right so there's ambiguity at the
beginning and that's actually kind of
comforting but then as as someone
graduates past stranger if you find
yourself feeling in love with them
ask yourself why and recognize that
that's probably not
um appropriate full disclosure though i
fell in love with my wife the first time
i saw her
and you know i just don't
so i struggle sometimes with that and
then everyone doesn't say like
reese is like oh no one says [ __ ]
creep right
but that's like that's how we treat the
people who fall in love with us
it could have been right so that's like
there's something more here
like i absolutely just you know i saw
her like i remember i like
literally remember the first time i saw
her and it like it like it was like i
got
hit in the chest with something and then
for years i didn't even understand what
that what the [ __ ] that was
um but so i was playing long game too uh
i would love a room half and half by the
way where like guys can talk about like
things that we might be doing that are
misleading them and yeah because
my point of view and they can explain
their side as well so i would love that
interaction
cool yeah i think that's a great idea
recently um
so then to think a little bit about you
know reciprocating in terms of
conversations and a couple of
you know things to watch out for because
rece i don't think observe is enough i
think people need more direction than
that
um so you know first of all obviously if
someone is well
i guess not obviously if someone is
blocking you on a platform
don't assume it's a mistake within this
clip
right so so if someone is trying to set
a boundary respect that boundary
and then also recognize that if someone
sets a boundary with you and you
feel hurt you feeling hurt does not
entitle you to anything from the other
person
so that seems to be a big one that we
haven't really said explicitly
and then also i would encourage people
if you're expecting a lot out of the
relationship
figure out why you're expecting a lot
out of that relationship
and then ultimately have conversations
with people
so the first conversation is like hey
like let's hang out and then if you have
feelings maybe have a conversation about
that
and then you know down the road even if
you guys do end up as friends
that it's okay i think to have
conversations
about developing feelings or if you guys
are in a relationship it's okay to have
conversations
about hey i actually don't feel this way
about you anymore
um even if it sucks even if it sucks
right so to have a lot of hard
conversations
um but not too early because they don't
owe you that after five minutes of dms
okay and and the last thing is like it's
not
your job to get on their page and it's
also not
their job to get on your page which also
means that if they girlfriend zoned
you and you say i'm not interested in
that
they're allowed to walk away even if it
hurts your feelings
and also if you friend-zoned them
you're allowed to walk away even if it
hurts their feelings
right until while there's ambiguity
there's going to be mixed expectations
and like that's just why we have
conversations
um yeah
and then i guess kind of the last point
that i just want to acknowledge is that
i think that a lot of the people that
maybe y'all are interacting with
are hungry and even starved for some
amount of basic humanity
which math was talking about about
listening to someone when they've had a
bad day about supporting them
emotionally and that that doesn't mean
just because a woman
or a man is supporting you emotionally
doesn't mean that they're romantically
interested in you
did i miss anything
you think so no that was well summarized
actually i left one or two out
if you are someone's professor don't
touch them
if you're a policeman please do not take
advantage of already
disturbed victims thank you
yeah true okay
any last thoughts or questions
thank you for having us yeah very much
sure
we're a little bit over time are you
guys okay with not meditating today or
is that something that you guys really
were looking forward to
i was actually looking forward to it
yeah i was like
okay let's do it
can i can i confess something to y'all
by the way
the word confess was used a lot you guys
noticed that it's like
what's that i'm curious about that
but so so part of it is that i feel like
i owe you guys a better meditation
than what i can give you today so that
was actually part of my hesitation
so i i do some meditations that are
shakti oriented meditations
shakthi is the sanskrit word for energy
um and it's also like by definition
principle i mean feminine so like
shakthi
also it me is literally the translated
as energy so like
you know any kind of energy and it also
is translated as goddess
so it's kind of weird s-h-a-k-t-i
um and and the challenge is that like
just after even after like five or ten
minutes
of talking to you guys i was like you
guys should really learn to shakthi
meditation
because i think there's just something
about that that's resonating with me the
problem is first of all i don't know
those meditations very well because
they're
uh traditionally they're
they actually are taught by female
teachers and so
part of my hesitation to teach you guys
that i think you guys deserve something
that i don't know that i'm the best to
teach
so i'm going to teach you guys something
and if you all are okay i'm going to
think for 60 seconds about how i can
access
any kind of shakti
but the other thing that i ask you all
for is a rain check
that one day i'm gonna learn how to do
these properly and teach them over the
internet
and i just don't know when that's gonna
be but i hope that you guys check that
out when it happens um
so can i think for a second of course
for sure thank you very much
okay is everything okay yeah
yeah okay okay so i'll try something
i don't know if it's gonna work but
we'll try something okay
so i want you all to sit up straight
all our gamer posture
oh my god you're a gamer check all my
boxes
she said gamer posture i'm in love
we have the same posture man i met this
girl you'll never do that
okay you're joking but yeah
okay so let's sit up straight so close
your eyes and what i want you guys to do
actually open your eyes sorry put your
right hand
in your left like this right and then
put your thumbs together
okay okay and then
put this in your lap
okay and i want you guys to sit up
straight and i want you to close your
eyes
and the first thing that i want you to
do is feel your spine
and as you feel your spine
notice that it's straight keep your neck
erect
you know make sure your neck is straight
that you're not leaning forward
keep your chin sort of level to the
ground
like parallel to the ground
and what i want you to do is imagine
that the rest of your body
are like clothes on the hanger
of your spine so relax your shoulders
let your arms relax let your legs relax
that you have a pillar a core of
yourself
that is your spine and let everything
else
drape across it
and now what i want you to do is feel
the weight of your body
feel it resting on your spine and almost
as if
it's traveling through your spine into
the ground
that your spine supports who you are as
a person
and now what i want you guys to do is
feel
the circuit of your arms
so i want you to imagine for a moment
that there's
almost light or energy
that is coming in from the top of your
head
and that it's kind of passing through
your arms and down to your palms
and now for a moment i want you to pull
your thumbs apart
and feel how unnatural that is
and let them come back together and it's
almost as if there's like
a circuit that you're closing
and with your eyes closed i want you to
either nod or shake your head if that
makes any sense or not
okay okay i see mostly nods but some
shakes at the head which is okay
so now what i want you to do is feel the
warmth
so if you feel the closed circuit kind
of focus on your fingertips
or what you can do is focus on the
sensation of your palms
and feel the heat of your left palm
on the back of your right hand
now what i want you to do is focus
on your right palm and how there seems
to be
heat almost emanating from it or above
it
not if that makes sense or shake your
head if you don't feel okay
now for a moment i'm just going to
invite you to look at something a little
bit strange which is that
it almost feels like you can feel the
heat coming off of your hand
which is weird because you can't feel
anything off of your hand
but just notice that sensation and focus
on the area above the palm where you
feel the heat
and now kind of notice that you have
this circuit this warmth
this energy and feel the person that you
are there's something just
warm and pure untainted
we've been talking a lot about
expectations and feelings and
fear powerlessness
but in this moment none of that is you
those things may apply to alissa
or linda or star or resa
or champ or math but in this moment
there's the pillar of your spine
there's the weight of all of your being
hanging on it
and the spine can easily handle that way
and there is warmth and energy
and now what i want you all to notice is
that there's something like
perfect and even divine
about the person that you are right now
and is it is it any surprise that people
are drawn to you
and that you are able to give them
something wonderful
even though it causes you problems
and that that's okay
that sure we're going to do all the
things about setting boundaries and
limits and things like that
but at the end of the day no matter how
they make you feel
or who they are you can always come back
to this place
that no one can ever take this away from
you
and that this thing that you can feel
will support you throughout your entire
life
throughout any challenges
through any trials and in your
relationships
now sit with that feeling
for the next 60 seconds or so
pick your choice of sensation
whether it be the weight of your spine
the tips of your fingers the warmth
above your palm
or light coming in through the top of
your head
and focus on that
now we're going to take a deep breath
in for three seconds and out for three
through your nose
and now in for three and out for five
and then in for three and out for seven
and when you're ready
come back
i'm so glad that i asked for that
meditation
it's like more emotional than i was
expecting
i almost cried at some point
honestly
what were y'all feeling
nice to me it was not like strong
oh yeah like i was like oh i have a
strong spine
i felt very light
me too and um i could feel the warmth it
was so intense
um and also um when you said that we
should like
focus on like a light in your our head
i could see like the color yellow and i
could see blue
yeah so i'm
happy that some of y'all had some really
positive experiences
um i'm relieved
so this kind of meditation is actually
not my forte
so i've learned some of these techniques
before and i try to do my best but
i'm i'm really glad and this is kind of
a lesson to me too
it was really good i'm glad um
so a couple of things just to think
about so first of all you guys can do
this technique
uh you know and you can pick on whatever
sensation
you kind of feel but your shakti
rests in your spine there are also a
couple of other
advanced techniques which i can teach
you down the road but
um you know to elevate and generate that
energy
the last thing that i kind of want to
say and i sort of hinted at this but i
want you guys to really understand this
i do genuinely believe that you guys
each have a spark of divinity within you
and i know this is not egalitarian or
equality or anything like that
but i tend to find that women are
actually closer to that spark than men
are
and and i'm not trying to make it's just
my observation
and i i'm not kidding when i when i say
that
i think that you guys are able to give
people on the internet like something
that they really don't have in their
life
and as best as you can and as
frustrating or unfair as it is to you
i'd encourage you to like try to have
some compassion towards them i'm not
saying that you guys don't
but really that these people are
approaching you from like a place of
hurt and loneliness
and then you do the wonderful gift of
like giving them
support and you listen to them and you
try to be their friend
and sure they respond to you with
toxicity which really isn't fair to you
i'm not
trying to excuse all of that but i think
that like it's kind of sad that you guys
are in the situation and they're in this
situation
and as best as you can try to forgive
them
because there is something really
amazing and divine within
each and every one of you and and it
really is kind of like
you know you're like you're giving
emotional support to like a human whose
life is a desert
and it's like water and they're drinking
it up and they just don't know
how to not ask for more and they get
confused
because everything we've taught them is
like you know it's love
that's when everything is gonna be okay
and you guys know that right like you
know that they look at you and they're
like
there's some fantasy in their mind but
it's because there's something real that
you are giving them
and it's something as simple as
compassion not saying it excuses it
i'm not saying you can't tell them to go
[ __ ] themselves
but as best as you can don't become
bitter
and and as best as you can forgive and
if you can't
that's okay too and it's an
unfair burden that i'm placing upon you
by asking you to do this
it's more than you or it's more than you
should do
and yet i see something like absolutely
amazing and divine within each and every
one of you
and i think that that's like what we've
got to
even if it's unfair
risa you wanted to say something i feel
a little bad since like
has all hearts and everything right now
that's the only part of meditation that
i couldn't
continue afterwards is when you mention
the divine and pure
and untamed part i i don't think what we
do
is or at least what i do is that great
of a gift to people i do agree with
everything you said to not find bitter
when to be on the receiving side of
things like this but
i don't think what we're doing are godly
i think is simply being supportive of
another person
and if someone retaliates or responds
negatively yeah don't feel better but
that was the one part of the meditation
that sure
i couldn't yeah that that's that's
totally fine so like let me just explain
just one quick thing so there are three
steps to meditation or understanding
meditation
the firs and we're going to talk about
two today so the first is to listen
and the second is actually to doubt in
the hindu tradition
there are actually texts designed
to train an aspirant to doubt
and so i want you all to understand this
very clearly
i don't know the answers what i'm giving
you guys is hopefully a tool for you to
figure out what's right for you
it may be this technique it may not be
divinity that you feel risa which is
completely fine
so use whatever parts of this kind of
resonate with you and if you disagree
with the rest so be it
you know it ultimately the truth is not
going to be determined by
what i tell you it's going to be
determined by your own experience
cool yeah thank you last questions or
thoughts
just thank you honestly like i've been
watching this dream
since before my breakup and i don't know
if i would have broken up with my
boyfriend if i hadn't been
and i'm just like in a period of growth
that i think your channel started
honestly ruining relationships
yes no seriously the bad ones
yeah i mean i think it's hard right i
think one of the worst things that we
can do
is live life on autopilot
and sometimes not living on autopilot
looks rocky when you first start to do
it
but all the more power to you because
that's how you actually take control of
your life
is by doing the hard things so props to
you
my condolences to your boyfriend
or ex-boyfriend's heart
but good for you and you guys are very
welcome thank you all
very much for coming on and you know
sharing who you are and sharing and also
responding to my challenges pretty well
um i really do appreciate that i think
it really shows what your experience is
when i push back
and i think that's some of the most
educational stuff and i do apologize if
especially the
joke about you know me being in love
with each one of you right now
out of line i'm sorry if that did offend
people
uh sorry that's all right but thank you
guys very much and and i agree let's get
let's get the counterparts on
and see what that looks like yeah yeah i
think it's cool looking for e-boys
what's that
okay i don't know what that means but
okay
if you guys um but thank you guys
yeah thank you it's like it's like a boy
gamer that goes after
girls are like is very particular about
his appearance
for women on the internet
okay well learn something new every day
okay so thank you guys very much and
really thank you and good luck to all of
you
thanks a lot thank you thank you so much
bye okay